feat: add `array/base/reshape` (#5639)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/array/base/reshape/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# reshape

> > Reshape an n-dimensional nested array into another m-dimensional having a desired shape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Reshape a nested array into another nested array having a desired shape.
```

Applies here and elsewhere.

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var reshape = require( '@stdlib/array/base/reshape' );
```

#### reshape( x, fromShape, toShape, colexicographic )

Reshapes a nested array into another nested array having a desired shape.

```javascript
var x = [ [ 1, 2, 3 ], [ 4, 5, 6 ] ];

var out = reshape( x, [ 2, 3 ], [ 3, 2 ], false );
// returns [ [ 1, 2 ], [ 3, 4 ], [ 5, 6 ] ]

> ```

Reviewer: @headlessNode Would you mind adding a list of parameter descriptions here?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **x**: input array.
-   **fromShape**: input array shape.
-   **toShape**: output array shape.
-   **colexicographic**: boolean indicating whether to reshape the array in colexicographic order.

```

> To reshape in colexicographic order, provide a third argument equal to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reshape in colexicographic order, set the `colexicographic` argument to `true`.
```

```javascript
var x = [ [ 1, 2, 3 ], [ 4, 5, 6 ] ];

var out = reshape( x, [ 2, 3 ], [ 3, 2 ], true );
// [ [ 1, 4 ], [ 2, 5 ], [ 3, 6 ] ]
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

> -   The function assumes that the `fromShape` and the `toShape` have the same number of elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The function assumes that `fromShape` and `toShape` have the same number of elements.
```

Making consistent with note in src JSDoc comment.

> -   The function assumes that the `fromShape` and the `toShape` have the same number of dimensions.

Reviewer: Why is this restriction necessary? Rather than the same number of dimensions, what we need to assume is that the two shapes have the same number of elements.

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# reshape

> Reshape a nested array into another nested array having a desired shape.

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var reshape = require( '@stdlib/array/base/reshape' );
```

#### reshape( x, fromShape, toShape, colexicographic )

Reshapes a nested array into another nested array having a desired shape.

```javascript
var x = [ [ 1, 2, 3 ], [ 4, 5, 6 ] ];

var out = reshape( x, [ 2, 3 ], [ 3, 2 ], false );
// returns [ [ 1, 2 ], [ 3, 4 ], [ 5, 6 ] ]
```

> -   **x**: input array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

-   **x**: input array.
```

-   **fromShape**: input array shape.
-   **toShape**: output array shape.
-   **colexicographic**: boolean indicating whether to reshape the array in colexicographic order.

To reshape in colexicographic order, set the `colexicographic` argument to `true`.

```javascript
var x = [ [ 1, 2, 3 ], [ 4, 5, 6 ] ];

var out = reshape( x, [ 2, 3 ], [ 3, 2 ], true );
// [ [ 1, 4 ], [ 2, 5 ], [ 3, 6 ] ]
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

> -   The function assumes that `fromShape` and `toShape` have the same number of elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The function assumes that `fromShape` and `toShape` specify arrays having the same number of elements.
```

> -   The function assumes that `fromShape` and `toShape` specify arrays having the same number of elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The function assumes that `fromShape` and `toShape` describe arrays having the same number of elements.
```
